# CO-IMMUNE
This project is to make an application that is used to generate slots for vaccination. This project is named “CO-IMMUNE”. This application helps people to book slots for vaccination. It works as both user’s domain and admin’s domain. There is a separate menu for both users and admin. This would be a productive site where the people do not need to wait for their token instead, they can book the slot whenever they want by seeing the availability. This work will be done in this application more effectively and efficiently making the work easier for both user and admin. It is a secured portal to store and handle all the details. This application also gives the clear view for both users and admin. Queue and C++ are used to implement this application. The already existing system is an online portal which was made using Java Script. But this application uses the same concept with C++ as a bot. The main objective of this project is to do something helpful to this society during these tough circumstances and also learn something new by innovating new techniques in the existing system. This is a user-friendly application where the complexity is much less compared to any other application. This is a simple application but yet a useful and efficient site where both user and admin side can do their work easily.

INTRODUCTION
The usage of this application is kept simple and productive. This application has two domains. That is, User and Admin. Users have to input their details like Name, Age, Gender, Blood group, Number etc. The user’s domain consists of a welcome screen and details input screen. Where users have to sign up first and create username and password. And as listed above the inputs have to be given in order to generate a slot for them. It also allows the user to enter different slots. And gives them the freedom to enter twice if they come across any errors. This is allowed because every input will be stored in the admin’s domain. If you look into admin’s domain it consists of storage that has all the filled in details for slot generation. Admin can operate and control the entire application by viewing and editing the slot. The slot is generated according to the given details. The total number of slots also appears in the admin’s domain. The admin can handle the date, time and total list. So, this application is both user friendly and makes it easier for admin as well. Finally, this project uses all these steps to implement this project for Slot Generation. 

SCOPE OF THE PROJECT

This application’s main aim is to help an organization who are taking the initiative to put vaccines to the members in their organization to maintain a simple database and generate slots for the same. It provides a simple means to store and process data through files. The history of the generator is well processed and maintained so that later it can be viewed by the admin. So, this application makes the process of generating slot so much easier and simple. 
